welcome to my unboxing of the KB 460
from funk this is a brand you haven't
seen featured much on the channel and
the reason for that is that they just
don't really have that many products up
till now so the MS 3 is their gaming
mouse that I really feel is quite
optimal for people with larger hands and
both diesel and b-roll actually use them
day-to-day at their editing stations and
this is the follow up the KB for 60
so first up inside we find a product
manual next inside we find a couple of
little presumably feet or something
we'll find out what those are for later
and we've also got some nice closed cell
foam packing material and I decide on
what is a fairly sturdy feeling Cherry
MX red backlit mechanical keyboard once
we get the keyboard extracted from the
box we find a design that is actually
kind of both subdued and striking
looking so the backplane itself has a
matte soft touch feel that looks very
professional and very clean and then the
keys themselves are individually LED
backlit with red LEDs and to augment the
LED shine there's actually a red layer
underneath all of the keys that is
easily visible when the keyboard is not
powered on see there you see that so
that the LEDs shine off of that as well
making the lighting even more striking
the cable has the standard func black
and orange finish to it is actually
quite a thin cable which it makes sense
because it terminates in a single
connector on the other end so it should
be borne in mind that these two USB 2.0
ports are non powered ports so you won't
be able to plug in like the most you
know power-hungry like you know you know
white and a fan that for your desk or
anything like that you meant to plug in
your mouse and maybe a USB Drive or
something along those lines the layout
has nothing about it that I would
complain about which is a definite plus
because there's usually something for me
to gripe about when it comes to keyboard
layouts long shift keys long backspace
long enter media keys built in as well
as built in profile keys so you can
actually reprogram any of the keys on
the keyboard and then switch between the
profiles using f7 to f11 along with the
function key next to the
profile keys there's also the funk mode
key which does a couple of things so
number one is that it illuminates the
funk mode button no no it does more than
that don't worry it also disables the
Windows key and allows all of these
function keys to be accessed without
holding function so you can switch
between profiles on-the-fly
it has built-in memory so there's
absolutely no driver installation
required and the keyboard also supports
full and key rollover on it's cherry MX
red switches now Cherry MX red switches
are one of those hotly debated items
gamers will run around saying they're
the best thing since sliced bread
because they're extremely light making
them great for fast repeated pressing
whereas typists will run around saying
well no I can't type on anything but
blues and anything but blues is terrible
you know what there's probably a middle
ground somewhere here but there it is
it comes with cherry MX red switches and
given that it is a product that is
marketed towards gamers that makes a
fair bit of sense the last thing of note
here is those little clips that I had in
the box before so those go down here and
then you actually clip the wrist rest
onto them that gives you a fair bit of
flexibility in terms of the range of
motion of your wrist rest and a system
that looks like it'll come off as
opposed to breaking this is something
I'm happy to see included I'm seeing
more and more manufacturers just
flat-out cheap out and not include wrist
rests and funk has gone and included a
nice a wide one that spans the entire
width of the keyboard kudos to them for
that so if I had to summarize the KB for
60 in some way the highest praise I can
give it I think is that I have nothing
to complain about I'm personally not a
huge fan of Cherry MX red switches so
it's not really made for me personally
but other than that there's nothing
wrong with it it's driverless it has all
the function keys that you might want
it's solidly built no complaints and
when it comes to keyboards if there's
not something that's driving you crazy
about it it's probably just as well that
it gets out of your way and you have
nothing to complain about with it thank
you for checking out my unboxing and
overview of the funk KB 460 don't forget
to subscribe to - tech tips for
unboxings reviews not the computer
videos like this video if you liked it
dislike it if you disliked it leave a
comment if you have anything to say
about squirrels